1. What is JSX and why do we use it in React?
    javascript xml, it is an syntax extension to javascript, that allows us to write html like syntaxe inside a js file
    it gets compiled to regular js function calls (React.createElement)
    we use it because it is more readable and declarative

2. What's the difference between state and props in React?
    props are read-only data passed from parent component to a child component, unidirectional flow
    state is a data manged by the components that can change over time, each change causes a rerender

    note
        props changing does not cause a rerender on its own, it is usually the parent rerender that causes the child rerender
        think of it this way: if you pass ref.current to a child as a prop and that value changes at some point, the parent is not rerendered
        so the child is not called again with the new value of the ref.current so the child is not rerendered

        3 cases when rerender happens: parent rerender, own state changes, consumed context changes
        parent rerender will cause all children to rerender, we can optimize by using React.memo to prevent children with unchanged props from rerendering

3. What does the key prop do in React lists, and why is it important?
    keys help react know which elements have changed in a list (added, removed, reordered...etc), so it can avoid unecessary DOM manipulations by reusing existing DOM elements instead of recreating them 

    that is why using array index as key is not recommended, you will have weird behaviors

5. What is the useEffect hook used for?
    it is a special hook used for side effect like: fetching, subscription, timers, DOM manipulations
    it receives a callback and a dependency array, that call back runs every time the dependencies change
    special cases
        empty array: only run on first render
        no array: run on every rerender
        the call back can return an optional cleanup function that will run when the useEffect is about to run a second time or when a component is about to unmount

6. What is the virtual DOM and how does React use it?
    it is a lightweight javascript representaion of the actual DOM, used to avoid heavy DOM manipulations
    it is used in the reconciliation phase when state changes  where a new VDOM is created and compared "using a diff algorithm" with the old VDOM to determin which actual DOM nodes need to be updated

7. How do you handle events in React?
    we use camelCase "onClick instead of onclick" and we pass function references intead of strings
    those functions receive a synthetic event object, which is a wrapper for the browser event object

    synthetic event: is a wrapper for native browser events for cross browser compatibility and consistent api/behavior, you can access native event via event.nativeEvent

8. What's the difference between controlled and uncontrolled components?
    controlled components mean that their form data is controled via react state through input props (value and onChange)
    uncontrolled mean that the inputs state is managed by the browser and that state is accessed via refs

9. What are React fragments and why would you use them?
    lets you group multiple children elements without adding a node to the DOM, it is usefull when a Component needs to return multiple elements or a jsx expression containing multiple elements but you dont want to add a wrapping div that could effect styling or layout

    jsx rule: 
        each jsx elements need to have one parent node
        because each node is equivelant to a function call <div>hello</div> => createElement('div', null, 'hello')
        and if you do this const exp = (
            <div>hello1</div>
            <div>hello2</div>
        )
        which is equivelant to const exp = (
            createElement('div', null, 'hello1')
            createElement('div', null, 'hello2')
        )
        which is not a valid javascript code, so you will need a wrapper
        const exp = (
            <div>
                <div>hello1</div>
                <div>hello2</div>
            </div>
        )
        => which is equivelant to const exp = createElement(
            'div',
            null,
            createElement('div', null, 'hello1'),
            createElement('div', null, 'hello2')
        )

10. What is prop drilling and why can it be problematic?
    it is the process of passing props down the tree to a deeply nested child that needs the data
    intermediate components will receive and pass down props that it does not need, making code harder to maintain and refactor and understand
    solutions: context api, state management libraries like redux, jotai
