STUFF TO ADD YA MOUSSA!!!!

Fix dates problem

I am a problem solver my love of finding solutions was first illustrated in being good at mathematics, then when math got more abstract and detached from reality i discovered the world of computer science. After being involved in various projects i developed good communication and collaboration skills, being a team player and a fast learner i managed to lead several projects from a plan to a reality.

spanning multiple branches of informatics (networks, iot, mobile dev, web dev...) 
i found my passion in web development and especially the frontend side because on top of being a problem solver i like to visualize and see the effect of my solutions.



add soft skills
        Communication
        creativity
        time managment
        leadership
        adaptability
        problem Solving
        Teamwork
        Problem Solving
        FAST LEARNER




        Used Agile and Scrum methodologies as a management framework for software development and implementation.
        Designed responsive user interfaces using React js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, and Material UI.
        Managed local components state using React hooks, and Context API.
        Managed global application state using Redux and Redux toolkit.
        Created SPA (single page application) using React Router.
        Integrated REST API services using axios and Redux Thunk.
        Used predefined hooks and custom hooks.
        Realize customizable React components using Emotion JS.
        Controled authentication cycle using JWT (JSON Web Tokens).
        Build Multipe Datagrids with Filters and many options using Material UI data grid.
        Insured a great user experience.
        Familiarised my self with feature branch workflow using git and github. 
        Managed bug fixes, code improvements, and code refactoring.
        Gave great attention to folder structure and code organization for maintainability reasons.



        Designed responsive frontend pages using React js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, and Material UI.
        Manipulate simple state with native hooks, and Context API.
        Managed global state using MobX.
        Handled SPA routing using React Router.
        Accomplish asynchronous API calls using axios.
        Added hooks in the project and used custom hooks.
        Created reusable React components using Emotion JS.
        Implemented authentication logic using JWT.
        Developed sound knowledge on React, Redux for frontend.
        Create friendly user interfaces with Material UI.
        Worked with source code version control tool GIT to manage code repository.
        Write effective APIs With NodeJs and Express.js.
        Addressed intercommunication between multiple restfull services.
        Used Node js along with MongoDB as database to develop RESTFUL services.
        Added application level schema validation using Mongoose.js ODM (Object Data Modeling).
        Tested REST API endpoints using POSTMAN.