concepts
    variadic function: a function that can take a variable number of arguments
    arguments object: 
        non-arrow functions have array-like zero-indexed object called arguments which contains the values passed to that function 
        even if its declarations did not specify any paramaters

1. What is the difference between var, let, and const?
    function and global -vs- block scoped
    all hoisted
    var: init with undefined, can be redeclared
    let, const hoisted but no init, temporal dead zone

2. What are the different data types in JavaScript?
    7 primitive 1 non primitive
    7 are: number, string, boolean, null, undefined, symbol, bigint
    althrough an old js error typeof null is object
    1 is object which can be an array, and object or a function

3. What is the difference between == and ===?
    == loose equality, does type coercion (automatic type casting)
    === strict equality, it compares both value and type, does not cast automatically

4. What is a closure in JavaScript?
    every time a function is created a closure  for that function is created
    closure can be exaplained as being a context, or a state or an environment that the function has access to
    another example is when an parent function is done executing, its inner function still have and maintain a live binding to its closure (state, variables...etc)

5. What is the difference between null and undefined?
    they are both primitive types althought typeof null is object (old js mistake that cannot be fixed for reverse compatibility issues)
    null can be understood as a missing value, missing reference
    undefined can be understood as a variable being defined but not assigned a value or a function that does not return a value

7. What is hoisting in JavaScript?
    the process of lifting the declaration of functions and variables to the top of there scope at compilation time
    var: function / global scope, init with undefined
    let and const: block scope, reference error
    function: function / global scope,  can be used before declaration

8. What are arrow functions and how do they differ from regular functions?
    shorter syntaxe for declaring functions, but with limitations
    they dont have their own binding to this
    they cant be used as constructors or generator functions
    they dont have arguments object

9. What is the DOM?
    programming interface for html and xml, 
    the page is represented as a tree of nodes (objects)
    each element is a node
    each object can be manipulated with javascript

What is NaN
    acronym for not a number, result of invalid numeric operations: string cast to number, adding undefined with a number...etc
    it is of type number similart to Infinity

Sync vs Async code
    sync blocks execution
    async non blocking