1. Explain the event loop in JavaScript.
    event loop is how javascript manage the execution of tasks
    first of all javascript is single threaded, but with the event loop it mangage i/o operations without blocking the execution

    3 places: 
        execution stack: works as last in first out LIFO
        microtasks queue: promises
        macrotasks queue: setTimeout callback, setinterval callback, onclick callback...etc

        priority: execution stack -> microtasks -> macrotasks


2. What is prototypal inheritance?
    it is the ability of objects to inherit other objects properties and methods
    and that object can use those properties directly without chaining
    there is also the static method Object.hasOwn() to now if the property is auto defined or inherited
    there is a builtin Object prototype that all objects inherit from
    but we can set the inheritance manually, Object.setPrototypeOf, Object.create
    and there is an inheritance chain, called prototype chain and the we reach a null prototype 

3. What are Promises and how do they work?
    they are async operation that might complete or fail
    we can handle the result with .then .catch syntaxe or async await syntaxe

4. What is the difference between call, apply, and bind?
    call and apply invoke a function with a specific "this" context, they differ in arguments passing
        call: comma seperated arguments
        apply: array like arguments

5. Explain debouncing and throttling.
    debounce waits for a pause in events to fire a function once like search input
    throttle executes a function at fixed intervals, limits calls during rapid events like scrolling (does not wait for a pause)

6. What is the spread operator and rest parameters?
    rest: function foo(...args) {} 
    rest: {a, ...props} = obj

    spread: foo(...arr1) <=> foo(1, 2)
    spread: const arr2 = [...arr1]

8. Explain async/await.
    syntactic sugar to write async code as a sync code
    function marked with async returns a promise
    when ever it reachs an await it pauses execution, untill that promise is settled
    errors managed with try catch block

9. What are higher-order functions?
    they are functions that take other functions as arguments or returns functions as a result
    functions in js are first class objects, meaning they can be handled like normal objects: passed to funtions, returned from functions ...etc

10. What is event delegation?
    it is event bubbling/traveling up the dom tree
    one event handler in the parent call handle or child events
